possibility to specify  smtp key and certfile through config (#5100)
indico/indico: docs/source/config/settings.rst

    Default: ``False``

.. data:: SMTP_CERTFILE

>     If provided, this certfile will be used for the encrypted SMTP connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If provided, this certificate will be used for SMTP authentication.
```

    Default: ``None``

.. data:: SMTP_KEYFILE

>     If provided, this keyfile will be used for the encrypted SMTP connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If provided, this private key will be used for client certificate SMTP authentication.
```
